<svelte:head>
	<title>About</title>
</svelte:head>

# About

Why @nite? Because I am a rather extreme night owl, and the vast majority of my 
writing and side projects are accomplished in the quiet hours of the night.

ᕦ◉▿◉ᕤ

## History

I became interested in computers initially because I was enamored with video
games. Shortly after our family bought our first computer, I was hooked. Not
only were games fun, but there was also much more interactive educational
content available, such as Encarta Encyclopedia. As the machine aged, I became 
adept at configuring it so that newer games would run smoothly. That was the 
first spark of my interest in programming.

That happened to be around the same time that AOL started sending free disks to
everyone. My first experience with the Internet was with an external, 14.4k baud
modem (you know the one; U.S. Robotics, with a nice physical power switch and a
speaker so you could hear its digital dance). For the younger folks, that is
a whopping 14.4kbps. Going from only accessing content locally from disks to
accessing content almost anywhere in the wold was a huge leap. People were
making pages about their hobbies, bulletin boards (a precursor to forums and
comment threads) allowed for community discussions on different topics, and
messaging let you interact with your friends in real time. I loved it and I was
fully convinced that this was the future and I wanted to be a part of it.

I learned HTML and started making basic websites. The first game I ever made was
a one-page JavaScript game. The first paycheck I ever got for programming was
when I was 13, making small one-page sites for businesses within a town directory 
site. Every job I have had since has been in software development.

## Career

I have been a software engineer in a professional capcity for over 20 years.
From web dev shops to large defense contractors to small startups, I have worked
many projects in a wide variety of industries and technologies. I am well-versed
in fullstack development, but often specialized on one end or the other
depending on the project.

